So let's have a look at the KMS service.
And first on the left hand side,
I wanna look at the AWS managed keys.
You can see if I've been using KMS encryption
throughout this course, then these keys
will appear right here.
So we can look for example at the AWS EBS,
and this is an Else managed key
because it belongs to the EBS service.
So we can have a look here, how it's being used.
So there is a key policy,
and this complex policy defines what can access this key.
And of course, because this is an EBS AWS key,
then you will look at all the actions,
so it can come from anywhere, do some kind of actions.
But the condition is that the caller accounts
has to be mine and the Via Service
has to be the EC2 service,
which is a service above the EBS service, okay?
If I looked for example, at another AWS managed key,
for example, the SQS one,
and look at the key policy, here the Via Service
as a condition to my KMS key policy is the SQS service,
therefore allowing only access from SQS to this key.
We can also look at the cryptographic configuration,
which show that this key is symmetric of origin KMS
and it's used to encrypt and decrypt data.
Okay.
So that's for the KMS managed key by AWS,
but then we have other kinds.
We have the customer managed keys,
as well as the custom key store.
So the custom key store is when we wanna use CloudHSM,
but this is out of scope for this exam.
So we don't go over this,
we're just gonna go over the customer managed key.
So this is when we want to create our own keys within KMS
and not use the ones managed by AWS.
So let's create a key, but if we do so,
remember this is going to cost you $1 per month.
So if you don't want to pay anything, then do not do this.
So here for the key type, have multiple options,
have the symmetric or asymmetric type of key.
So if I use asymmetric, this could be used for encrypt
and decrypt or sign and verify type of operations.
But this is out of scope for this lecture,
I'm going use the symmetric type of KMS key,
and we'll use the encrypt and decrypt option.
Okay, this is the most basic one I want to show you
For advanced options, the key origin is going to be KMS
because we want KMS to create this key for us.
If we wanted to import a key,
this would be the external type of key origin
or custom key store if we wanted to have CloudHSM,
but again, this is out of scope.
So we'll use KMS.
And here for regionality we have single region key
and multi region key.
And we're just going to consider single region key
right now because this is the most,
the oldest type of option and the most common for KMS.
So we'll use single region key, click on Next.
Next we have a key alias,
so I'll just have it as tutorial.
Click on Next.
And here we can start define key administrators.
So if I don't define one, then we're going
to use the default KMS key policy, which is what I want.
But if you wanted to be very specific about
who can use this key and who could administer it,
this is where it would happen.
So right now I'm not going to take anything,
and click on Next.
Then you can say, who can use this key?
So again, this is for your KMS key policy.
To be more specific, right now I want to allow everyone
to use it if they have the right IAM permissions.
But if you wanted to also have some extra security,
you could say, hey, only Stefan can use this key
and this would create a custom KMS key policy.
But in this instance, I don't want this.
And as you can see at the bottom,
I can choose other AWS accounts to access my key.
So this is if you had for example,
the use case of sharing an encrypted snapshot,
an EBS snapshot for example,
you would add another account to allow access to your key.
So we summarize everything, so we have a symmetric key,
and then this is the key policy
and this is what I call the default key policy.
This is just to enable IAM user permission,
so it allows anything to do any resource on KMS
as long as they will have, of course,
IAM permissions to do so.
So let's finish this.
And now my key has been created
and we can click on View Key.
So now that my key is created,
I can have a look at the key policy.
And so the key policy is just like this,
it's an IAM policy for your key.
But you can switch to the default view
and you can see in a better summary,
like who are the key administrators,
is it allowed for key deletion?
Who are the key users?
And can other accounts access it?
So I won't touch this.
Then you can have a look at the cryptographic configuration.
I won't touch this.
Tags not needed.
So for key rotation, we can enable automatic key rotation
by editing here and saying yes, it's enabled,
and we can set up the rotation period from 90 days
to many more days, to 2,560 days.
So here this is one year,
but you have the option to customize it.
If you enable this, then you know the next rotation dates.
And also for example,
you can initiate on demand key rotation
by just clicking on this button.
Whenever you rotate your key automatically
or on demand, it's going to appear
in the key rotation history.
So these options are available
because we have created their key directly from KMS.
And finally, see, finally what is the alias for my key?
It is named tutorial, so I can refer to it
with an alias ARN,
which will be a little bit simpler for us.
Finally, for key actions,
you can disable it or schedule key deletion.
So we have our key, it's great,
but now let's go use the CLI to encrypt
and decrypt some data.
So under KMS I have kms-demo-cli.sh,
which is going to show us how to use the encrypt
and decrypt call of KMS with an example.
So, first we have got to create a file,
and I'm going to call it ExampleSecretFile.txt.
And with it I'm going to say
there is a super, secret, password, okay?
So this is whatever you want in this text file.
For me I just entered a password
called SuperSecretPassword,
and we're going to encrypt it and then decrypt it using KMS.
So the first thing that you do for KMS encryption
is use the encrypt command.
So we have to specify a key ID,
for me it's alias/tutorial, so this corresponds
to the key you have created in My Console.
And you could use the alias,
you could use this key ID right here,
or you could use the full ARN,
it doesn't really matter, just use whatever you want.
And then you need to pass in plain text
the address of your file.
So for me it's ExampleSecretFile.txt.
The output of the query, so you're querying
for a Cipher text blog,
which represents the encrypted contents,
and you want the text as is.
And finally the region your key is in,
so for me, mine is manage region eu-west-2.
This is going to give us a base 64 file
containing the encrypted content.
So let's copy this command right here
and paste it, run it.
And now I have a file called
ExampleSecretFileEncrypted.base64.
And this represents my encrypted file, okay, in base 64,
so just with letters and numbers that we can recognize.
Now though, we're going to do a base 64 decode
to get the binary encrypted value.
So if you're on Windows, the command is different.
So for Linux, I'm just going to run this one,
but for Windows you can run the other one.
And so the idea is that you're going
to create a file called ExampleSecretFileEncrypted
without a base 64.
So let me copy this and paste it.
And now I have a new file called
ExampleSecretFileEncrypted.
And if I try to open it with my text editor,
it's not going to work because it say
it uses either binary or unsupported text encoding.
So this is indeed a binary file.
So this is the kind of secret file
that you would share with someone.
And so now I want to go and decrypt it.
So this is completely gibberish
and we cannot get any information of it.
Even this one, we cannot get any information.
How do we know it's super secret password?
So this is an encrypted file,
but now we want to take this encrypted binary file,
and decrypt it.
So for this we're going to run an KMS decrypt command.
So this time we pass in the file that was encrypted.
So this is where we pass in the file in here.
Then we query for the plain text value,
so the decrypted value,
and we write this to another file
that is going to be base 64 encrypted,
and we specify the region.
So let's go ahead.
KMS knows automatically which key to use
for the description because it is included
in the blob of encrypted value.
So let me enter this, and so this has succeeded.
So now if I go to my Example File decrypted base 64,
it is here, it's a much shorter thing,
and now we're going to base 64 decode this
to get my text value.
So we'll have a different command again,
if you're on Windows or if you're on Mac,
so I'm on Mac, so I'm going to use this one.
So I'm copying this command, pasting it,
and now we have done a base 64 decoding of our file.
So if we go back to Example File decrypted.txt,
we find back our super secret password.
So we have shown the encryption
and it's reverse operation, the decryption.
Obviously these are low level commands,
the SDK will abstract some of that for us,
but this shows you the full example of
how you can use the encrypt and decrypt command
of KMS with your own customer master key.
So that's it, super simple.
I hope that was helpful,
and I will see you in the next lecture.